Zhu Minghua, let's get a divorce
Wife, hurry up and eat
After eating, our family of three will go out to play
We haven't been out for a long time
No.
Hey don't touch me
Are you still angry?
I know I shouldn't let Wei Xiaonian follow you
But you need to know
This is my love for you.
I hate it.
Let's move our children abroad
A carefree life is good
Wife, what's the matter, help me find it
Bring the kids.
And parents
We sold our domestic assets
What about after selling?
I can work well
Take good care of you
Give you a happy home
Zhu Minghua
You are such a beast
I married you regardless of everything
You sleep with a nanny?
Play client
More than a simple betrayal
I can get a divorce.
Drug me
Buy a huge amount of insurance and plan to cheat
Not even my sister.
How dare you still rely on my parents' assets
You are still human